2014.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated to use the latest GT Ultrascale Wizard
 * Fixed an issue on the GUI symbol where the port gt0_dmonitorout did not appear in the transcevier_debug bus interface when targeting the GTHE2 transcevier
 * Fixed an issue in the core GUI customization code which caused an error to appear in the Vivado Messages window when the GUI was first opened

2014.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Fixed an issue in Verilog Vivado projects for BASE-KR with Auto-negotiation enabled and no MDIO Management, where Link Training would not start automatically (AR 59904)
 * Fixed an issue where a 'soft' PMA or PCS reset would cause the MDIO interface logic to be reset, possibly during an MDIO access, and so possibly missing the MDIO operation (AR 59910)
 * Added a 750ms watchdog timer to the Block level which will reset the RX side of the transceiver if PCS Block Lock is not attained within 750ms (AR 59911)
 * Added ASYNC_REG attributes to additional registers to enable better packing of synchroniser register stages
 * Ultrascale only - Added progdivreset control for BASE-R cores and added BUF_GT reset to the RXUSRCLK path BUFG_GT
 * Ultrascale only - Changed Core PCS Reset to toggle the transceiver PCS Resets instead of the progdivresets
 * Ultrascale only - Edited XDC create_clock constraints to work with the latest Vivado tools which now trace clock generation through the GTHE3_CHANNEL block
 * Changed some internal register names to allow MultiCyclePath constraints from the RX Decoder to RX Elastic Buffer to take effect and to ease timing closure
 * Added additional MultiCyclePath constraints to catch a few paths which were being timed at full rate to ease timing closure
 * Removed an unecessary constraint on refclk_n clock pin, in the ooc.xdc file.
 * Moved transceiver refclk definition to the core XDC file when Shared Logic is selected
 * Fixed typo in the core_to_gt_drp interface for the core_to_gt_drpaddr port to fix the cores GUI symbol and connectivity in IP Integrator designs
 * Added dependency code to all interfaces to to fix the cores GUI symbol in IP Integrator designs
 * Added tie-off defaults for DRP input ports, for IP Integrator designs only
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Reduced the number of Warnings from Vivado when using this core
 * Added synchronizers to the (constant) timer_125us_cycles value to stop DRC violations
 * Core GUI updated to include a message about BASE-R being a free unlicensed core
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 4.1
 * Minor up-version because new optional transceiver debug ports are added
 * All port changes are documented in the core Product Guide PG068.
 * Connected signal_detect input to GTRXRESET in BASER configuration
 * Fixed PRBS31 enabling on GTHE3
 * Fixed 125us Timer setting in Example Designs for cores with no MDIO interface (AR58069)
 * Reinstated details in GUI of what logic will be shared when Shared Logic is selected
 * Merged the BaseR-only and the general transceiver debug interfaces in schematic component view
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Reinstated master reset usage on other resets in shared clock and reset block (VHDL only) (AR58498)

2013.3:
 * Version 4.0
 * Virtex-7, Kintex-7 and Zynq-7000 moved to Production status
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Port changes on core.
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports.
 * New ports added to allow user access to transceiver DRP ports.
 * All port changes are documented in the core Product Guide PG068.
 * PCS Block Lock FSM rewritten to remove the corner-case failure in UNH test 49.3.3
 * AutoNegotiation RX block fixed for Consistency Match issue -: C.M. was not detected if first 3 identical frames received all had Ack set. Very unlikely to occur in real-world application.
 * Main core reset now also resets all PMA registers to defaults
 * Revised requirement for DCLK to be 1/2 rate of clk156. DCLK now has to be driven directly by clk156.
 * RX Elastic Buffer doubled in depth and midpoint set to the true midpoint, to enable larger Jumbo Frames to be received without issue. There is now no state where the Elastic Buffer will not add IDLEs or delete IDLEs/LFs when it gets the opportunity.

2013.2_AR58656:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed AR58660 - Corrected two clock domain crossing synchronization modules
 * Fixed AR58412 - Updated the RXRESETTIME transceiver CDR lock timer values
 * Fixed AR58659 - Corrected the period constraint for the dclk (transceiver DRP clock frequency) in the Out-of-Context XDC file

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * AN block will now send a NULL page without user-interaction, if LD ADV NP bit (bit15) is not set to '1'
 * BIAS_CFG setting on GTHE2_COMMON block now follows AR51625. Also set RX_DFE_KL_CFG on the GTHE2_CHANNEL block to match recommended AR51625 setting.
 * Constraints processing order changed for core-specific XDC files
 * set_max_delay constraints being silently dropped
 * (AR55728) - Incorrect DRP address being used for RX PRBS31 Error Counter in V7 GTHE2
 * Comments in RTL causing problems for IUS parser (Cadence simulator)
 * Possibility of AutoNegotiation restarting several times before settling
 * (AR55676) - Possibility of returning incorrect value from RX PRBS31 Error Counter 
 * (AR55676) - Possibility of corrupting MDIO operations and registers when using RX PRBS31 Error Checking 
 * Support for Virtex7 GTHE2-specific Training coefficient control - all 3 Coefficients now have dynamic ranges
 * Fixed AR55235 - no longer seeing marginal timing
 * Fixed AR52531 - no longer seeing timing errors on paths to and from Transceiver

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Change in core and example design hierarchy and constraints - this core is not compatible with previous versions of the core. Please consult the Product Guide for more information.
 * Changes in transceiver transmit coefficient handling during Link Training
 * Training Interface disconnected from GT DRP interface

(c) Copyright 2009 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
